hey everyone guess what sitting here
today with Bella caroli world-famous
gymnastics coach I didn't realize this
produce 28 Olympians welcome thank you
thank you baby I don't know about you
guys out there when i think of bela
karolyi I remember that one moment that
he picked up a young gymnast he carried
her off the stage Carrie's do you
remember that moment that's
unforgettable moment you know those are
the moments what really sticking for
rest of your life you're dead but not
just a precious moment of athletic fight
but there was a very courageous very
outstanding performance for the young
lady anchoring the gold for Duchess for
herself but for the whole team so you're
in town because in March the ATT
American gymnastics cup is gonna be here
in Jacksonville tell us a little about
that the eighth antigenicity call we
call the American hope and as this time
is startled sponsor is AT&T which we are
very very pleased a very proud of that
this is the most prestigious gymnastic
competition of the world on that
particular time of day in so much fifth
the best students in the world you are
walking into that arena they gonna
perform and going to have a beautiful
athletic five to become the AT&T
American Cup champion traditionally
every winner of the American cop became
more word or anything champion they
adapted what do you look for what do you
see in a student or or a competitor that
you say that's gonna be one that's gonna
make it Lucy what you can see on the
very first look is they the fizzy and
the physical activity and the physical
mode recurve performance with recall the
talent that general talent but what you
don't know as a coach at the time when
you start to water it is young ed door
but it's up here their mind the heart
the desire that consistent strive to our
excellence this is coming out slowly
with the time so then i would say how
how you choose or great gymnast you got
always consider 50 physical a fixie
meant
so we have a Facebook page first coast
news facebook page fans and I put a
little question out there this morning
that we were gonna be interviewing you
and within minutes I had a bunch of
questions so we're just gonna pick a few
of ona some of the ones that I think
we're good um okay so this is for mishra
michelle jaan which is what is your
advice to young girls my daughter's 8
she wants so much to be a college
gymnast what's your voice as she has a
long way to go she's eight right now the
first my recommendation to go toward a
fur gymnasium and sign up for the
regular gymnastic classes and if the
domestic class is really suture and she
realized that what what she's doing then
she obviously got to be promoted into
the next step is gonna be a pre team
program let's roll issued earlier to the
point to become an competitive gymnast
now this is the requirement in order to
get to the college the college the
college kids are selected and they
recruited based on their performance so
in order to get back to get to do dream
you gotta work long years and to become
a very good competitive gymnast that's
good advice don't you think Michelle a
lot of questions about when to start
when to start their kids mostly girls I
know you also want boys is gymnast
whenever we think of gymnast I always
think of little girls but boys too um
what's it what's the right age to start
nowadays the little girls and boys are
going as youngest two and a half three
years old to what the gymnasium is it so
basic I know it's amazing but there are
very very lovely programs are tailored
for that particular age ok so and on the
other spectrum we have Tommy hooks who
wants to know any advice for older
people who took gymnastics when they
were young how to stay with it when
you're older Sam shape it's very hard I
would not even recommend to do it
because the Germans are getting liquored
the muscle system is getting bigger with
the age but a main maintenance type of
light practice with very light
acrobatics evolved how do you stay in
shape you fantastic you
great thank you a lot to keep in shape I
believe is just part of you of your
everyday values the way of life I'm not
doing anything special no kidding no
secret it's not a secret no special I'm
just leaving the same type of life but
by a very active from the morning till
the evening well then I don't know if
this will work then because Jennifer
Richardson wants to know this would be
the last question this is the toughest
one can you do a back handspring if so
show us well I'm almost 70 years though
I still have a very strong get insurance
policy I see will not do on for her
pleasure and will not challenge myself
yeah sorry Jennifer ain't gonna happen
here sorry well we are so honored to
have milk Rowley here not only today but
in Jacksonville so check it out we will
be giving you the information we want
you to come whether you do gymnastics or
not you got to come and see these kids
perform because it's gonna be fantastic
thank you so much better thanks